---
title: xoxofest, and a reintroduction
---

i had the opportunity to go to my first (and last [only?]) xoxofest this year.
it was magical. the talks were incredible, i got to see some old pals from
glitch (and one from glitch _and_ webflow!), the new people i met there were
great, portland food was delicious, the transit was surprisingly pretty great
for the west coast... i could go on. tbh though, i felt a bit like an imposter.
i was surrounded by cool people working on interesting projects, and i'm... a
software engineer?

something that i noticed over the weekend that really stuck with me was how
other people were introducing themselves. a large number of people i met
introduced themselves using "i'm an X, but in my day job i'm a Y", or maybe just
"i'm an X" and then later mentioning that they have an unrelated day job later,
which was really powerful to me. i've never really felt worthy of claiming a
label other than the one associated with my job title. after graduating design
school, i went straight into software engineering because that's what had
already been paying the bills, so, i can't _really_ claim the label "designer",
right?

no, i studied design and game dev; i've made video games; i've written ttrpgs;
i've built i don't know how many electronics projects; i still do those things
(though maybe not many ttrpgs anymore); and honestly... i'm pretty good at those
things, too. what more do i need to do to identify with some of the most
fulfilling, vulnerable, and creative things that i do? why do i feel obligated
to identify with, build community around, write about, and devote my free time
to a profession that just pays my bills, and keep the things that bring me joy
to myself? why do i feel like i can't _seriously_ do these things, and downgrade
them to just a hobby?

after i got home and somewhat settled back in (tangent: i started adderall for
my adhd again last monday after discontinuing it in early 2020 because my
psychiatrist didn't do virtual appointments and tennessee required you to use
paper prescriptions for controlled medications so i, adhd girlie, had to keep up
with _paper prescriptions???_ what a joke. anyways i'm tired as hell because
i've been sleeping like shit for 4 years without it), i updated my website and
swapped the first and second paragraphs of my home page. what was "i'm a
software engineer and _for fun_ i make games and _play around with_ hobby
electronics" is now "i'm a game designer and electronics maker, and as a day
job, i'm a software engineer." these aren't my hobbies; they're my art.

i also deleted a boring-ass blog post about some typescript bullshit that i
slogged through writing a few months ago but wrote nonetheless because i needed
to get _some_ creative energy out and i felt obligated to make it about my day
job because \~productivity\~... whatever. i'm gonna start sharing some
electronics projects i've built over the last few years, starting with a simple
post about a (potentially over-engineered) light that i built for my wife for
her yarn cabinet that _automatically turns on when she opens the door_. very
wild stuff here. i'm also working on a game currently, and in a few weeks i hope
to share some more info on that soon. maybe some sketches, definitely some
design and direction ideas, hopefully some code eventually. hell, i might even
take a page from [jenn @ livelaugh.blog](https://livelaugh.blog/) and
occasionally blog about candlemaking, since i had to pick that up recently
because i was spending a bit too much money on candles and had wayyy too many
empty cute containers around the apartment.

i'm excited. :)
